[♪♪♪]
[DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
WOMAN: Come on. let's
say good night to your brother.
[BABBLING]
Night. Sam.
Good night. love.
Hey. Dean.
Daddy!
Hey. buddy. Aw.
You think Sammy's ready
to toss around a football?
No. Daddy.
No.
You got him? I got him.
Sweet dreams. Sam.
[SAM CRYING]
John.
John? Is he hungry?
Shhh.
Okay.
[SIGHS]
[LIGHT BUZZING]
Hmm.
[EXPLOSIONS ON TV]
MAN [ON TV]: Come on. get going!
Come on. move!
Come on. you bastards. Move it!
Come on. move it!
[SNORING]
[♪♪♪]
Sammy. Sammy!
[GASPS]
MARY: No!
Mary?
Mary!
Mary.
[SAM GURGLING]
Hey. Sammy.
You okay?
No! Mary!
[WAILING]
DEAN: Daddy!
Take your brother outside
as fast as you can.
Don't look back.
Now. Dean. Go!
Mary!
No!
It's okay. Sammy.
I got ya.
[SIRENS WAILING]
It's all right. I got
it. Move the line up.
Here.
MAN [OVER
RADIO]: Uh. dispatch...
MAN: Stand back. sir!
MAN: Let's get a
stream on the right side.
Hey. just stay back.
You have to stay back.
Come on. You have
to stay on the curb.
[THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS'
"GASOLINE" PLAYING]
Sam. Get a move on. would ya?
We're supposed to be
there. like. 15 minutes ago.
Sam. You comin' or what?
Do I have to?
Yes.
It'll be fun.
And where is your costume?
[SNICKERS]
You know how I
feel about Halloween.
[HIP-HOP MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKER]
♪ Shorty. what you gonna
do Yeah. what you gonna do ♪
♪ Are you gonna get in
Yeah. what you gonna do... ♪
So here's to Sam and
his awesome LSAT victory.
All right. all right.
It's not that big a deal.
He acts all humble.
but he scored a 174.
Mmm.
Is that good?
Scary good. [LAUGHS]
So there you go. You
are a first-round draft pick.
You can go to any
law school you want.
Actually. I got an
interview here. Monday.
If it goes okay. I
think I got a shot
at a full ride next year.
Hey. It's gonna go great.
It better.
How does it feel to be the
golden boy of your family?
Ah. they don't know.
Don't know? I would be gloating.
Why not?
'Cause we're not
exactly the Bradys.
And I'm not exactly the
Huxtables. More shots.
No. No.
No.
Hey. seriously.
I'm proud of you.
You'll knock 'em dead on Monday.
and you're gonna
get that full ride.
I know it.
What would I do without you?
Crash and burn.
♪ What you gonna do. punk? ♪
♪ Are you gonna get in? ♪
♪ Yeah. what you gonna do? ♪
♪ Are you gonna ride? ♪
[♪♪♪]
[METALLIC THUD]
[FLOORBOARD CREAKS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Whoa. easy. tiger.
Dean?
[CHUCKLES]
You scared the crap out of me.
You're outta practice.
[CHUCKLES] Or not.
Get off me.
Dean. what the hell
are you doing here?
I was looking for a beer.
What the hell are
you doing here?
Okay. all right. We gotta talk.
Uh. the phone?
If I had called. would
you have picked up?
Sam?
SAM: Jess.
Hey. Uh...
Dean. this is my
girlfriend. Jessica.
JESSICA: Wait.
Your brother Dean?
I love the Smurfs.
You know. I gotta tell you.
you are completely out
of my brother's league.
Let me put something
on. No. no. no.
I wouldn't dream of it.
Seriously.
Anyway. I gotta borrow
your boyfriend here.
talk about some
private family business.
But. uh. nice meeting you.
No.
Whatever you wanna say.
you can say it in front of her.
Okay.
Um. Dad hasn't been
home in a few days.
So he's working overtime
on a "Miller Time" shift.
He'll stumble back
in sooner or later.
Dad's on a hunting trip.
And he hasn't been
home in a few days.
[♪♪♪]
Jess. excuse us.
We have to go outside.
SAM: I mean. come on.
you can't just break
in. middle of the night.
and expect me to
hit the road with you.
DEAN: You're not
hearing me. Sammy.
Dad's missing. I need
you to help me find him.
SAM: You remember
the poltergeist in Amherst?
Or the Devil's Gates in
Clifton? He was missing then too.
He's always missing.
and he's always fine.
Not for this long.
Now. you gonna
come with me or not?
I'm not. Why not?
I swore I was done
hunting. For good.
It wasn't easy. but
it wasn't that bad.
Yeah?
When I told Dad I was
scared of the thing in my closet.
he gave me a .45.
What was he supposed to do?
I was 9 years old.
He was supposed to say.
"Don't be afraid of the dark."
"Don't be afraid of the dark"?
You kidding me? Of
course you should be afraid.
You know what's
out there. I know.
But still. the way we grew
up. after Mom was killed
and Dad's obsession to
find the thing that killed her.
But we still haven't
found the damn thing.
So we kill everything
we can find.
Save a lot of
people doing it too.
You think Mom would
have wanted this for us?
SAM: The weapon training?
And melting the
silver into bullets?
Man. Dean. we were
raised like warriors.
So. what are you gonna do?
You just gonna live some
normal. apple-pie life?
Is that it?
No. Not normal.
Safe.
And that's why you ran away.
[SCOFFS]
I was just going to college.
It was Dad who said if I was
gonna go. I should stay gone.
And that's what I'm doing.
Yeah. well. Dad's in
real trouble right now.
if he's not dead
already. I can feel it.
I can't do this alone.
Yes. you can.
Yeah. Well. I don't want to.
[SIGHS]
What was he hunting?
DEAN: All right.
Let's see. Where the
hell did I put that thing?
So when Dad left. why
didn't you go with him?
I was working my own gig.
This voodoo thing
down in New Orleans.
Dad let you go on a
hunting trip by yourself?
I'm 26. dude.
All right. Here we go.
So Dad was checking
out this two-lane blacktop
just outside of
Jericho. California.
About a month ago. this guy.
They found his car. but he'd
vanished. Completely MIA.
So maybe he was kidnapped.
Yeah. well. Here's
another one in April.
Another in December '04.
'03. '98. '92.
Ten of 'em
over the past 20 years.
All men.
all the same five-mile
stretch of road.
It started happening
more and more.
so Dad went to go dig around.
That was about three weeks ago.
I hadn't heard from him
since. which is bad enough.
Then I get this
voice mail yesterday.
JOHN [THROUGH STATIC]: Dean.
Something is starting to happen.
I think it's serious.
I need to try to find
out what's going on.
It may be... looking...
Be very careful. Dean.
We're all in danger.
You know there's E.V.P. on that?
Not bad. Sammy. Kind
of like riding a bike. isn't it?
All right.
I slowed the message down
and ran it through a Goldwave.
Took out the hiss
and this is what I got.
WOMAN: I can never go home.
"Never go home."
You know. in almost two years.
I've never bothered you.
never asked you for a thing.
[SIGHS]
All right. I'll go.
I'll help you find him.
But I have to get back
first thing Monday.
Just wait here.
What's first thing Monday?
I have this...
I have an interview.
What. a job interview? Skip it.
It's a law school interview.
and it's my whole
future on a plate.
Law school?
So we got a deal or not?
Wait. you're taking off?
Is this about your
dad? Is he all right?
Yeah. You know. just
a little family drama.
Your brother said he was
on some kind of hunting trip?
Oh. yeah. he's just deer
hunti" up at the cabin.
He's probably got Jim.
Jack. and Jose along with him.
We're just gonna
go bring him back.
What about the interview?
I'll make the interview. This
is only for a couple days.
Sam. I mean. please.
Just stop for a second.
You sure you're okay?
Heh. I'm fine.
It's just...
you won't even talk
about your family.
And now you're taking
off in the middle of the night
to spend the weekend with them?
And with Monday coming up.
which is kind of a huge deal.
Hey.
everything's gonna be okay.
I will be back in
time. I promise.
At least tell me
where you're going.
[EAGLES OF DEATH METAL'S "SPEAKING
IN TONGUES" PLAYING OVER RADIO]
Amy. I can't come over tonight.
B-because I got work in
the morning. that's why.
Okay. I miss it. my
dad's gonna have my ass.
[CHUCKLES]
Hey. uh. Amy. let
me call you back?
♪ I got this feeling And
it's deep in my body ♪
♪ It gives me wiggles And
it makes my rump shake ♪
[RADIO BREAKING UP]
[♪♪♪]
Car trouble or somethin'?
Take me home.
Sure. Get in.
So where do you live? Heh.
At the end of Breckenridge Road.
You coming. uh. from a
Halloween party or somethin'?
[LAUGHS]
You know. um.
a girl like you really
shouldn't be alone out here.
I'm with you.
Do you think I'm pretty?
Uh-huh.
Will you come home with me?
Um...
Hell. yeah.
[TIRES SQUEALING]
Come on.
You don't live here.
I can never go home.
What? What are
you talking about?
Nobody even lives here.
Huh? Where do you live?
Heh. That was good.
Joke's over. okay?
You want me to leave?
Hello?
[SCREAMS]
[TROY SCREAMING]
[ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND'S
"RAMBLIN' MAN" PLAYING]
♪ Lord. I was born
A ramblin' man ♪
[MACHINERY WHIRRING]
Hey. You want breakfast?
No. thanks.
So how'd you pay for that stuff?
You and Dad still
running credit card scams?
Yeah. well. hunting ain't
exactly a pro-ball career.
Besides. all we do is apply.
It's not our fault they
send us the cards.
Yeah?
And what names did you write
on the application this time?
DEAN: Uh...
Burt Aframian
and his son Hector.
Scored two cards
out of the deal.
Sounds about right.
I swear. man.
You gotta update your
cassette tape collection. Why?
Well. for one. they're
cassette tapes.
And two...
Black Sabbath?
Motörhead?
Metallica?
It's the greatest hits
of mullet rock. Yeah...
House rules. Sammy.
Driver picks the music.
shotgun shuts his cake-hole.
You know. "Sammy"
is a chubby 12-year-old.
It's Sam. okay?
Sorry. I can't hear you.
The music's too loud.
[AC/DC'S "BACK IN BLACK"
PLAYING OVER RADIO]
♪ Back in black ♪
♪ I hit the sack ♪
♪ I've been too long
I'm glad to be back ♪
♪ Yes. I'm let loose
From the noose ♪
♪ That's kept me
Hanging about... ♪
SAM: Thank you.
All right. so there's
no one matching Dad
at the hospital or morgue.
So that's something. I guess.
♪ Cat's eyes ♪
Check it out.
♪ 'Cause I'm back
Yes. I'm back ♪
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
[♪♪♪]
Let's go.
You guys find anything?
No! Nothing!
[EXHALES]
No sign of struggle.
No footprints. No fingerprints.
Spotless. It's almost too clean.
So this kid Troy.
he's dating your
daughter. isn't he? Yeah.
How's Amy doin'?
She's putting up missing
posters downtown.
DEAN: You fellas had
another one like this
just last month. didn't you?
And who are you?
Federal marshals.
You two are a little young
for marshals. aren't you?
Ha. Thanks. That's
awfully kind of you.
You did have another
one just like this. correct?
Yeah. that's right.
About a mile up the road.
There've been
others before that.
So this victim...
you knew him?
Town like this. everybody
knows everybody.
Any connection
between the victims.
besides that they're all men?
No. not so far as we can tell.
So. what's the theory?
Honestly? We don't know.
Serial murder?
Kidnapping ring?
DEAN: That is exactly the kind
of crack police work I'd
expect out of you guys.
Thank you for your time.
Gentlemen.
Ow. What was that for?
Why you gotta step on my foot?
Why do you talk
to police like that?
Come on.
They don't really
know what's going on.
We're all alone on this.
If we're gonna find Dad.
we gotta get to the
bottom of this ourselves.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Can I help you boys?
No. sir. We were just leaving.
Agent Mulder.
Agent Scully.
DEAN: I'll bet you that's her.
Yeah.
You must be Amy.
Yeah. Troy told us about
you. We're his uncles.
I'm Dean. This is Sammy.
He never mentioned you to me.
Well. that's Troy. I guess.
We're not around much.
we're up in Modesto.
So we're looking for him too.
and we're kinda asking around.
Hey. are you okay?
Yeah.
You mind if we ask
you a couple questions?
AMY: I was on the
phone with Troy.
He was driving home.
He said he would call
me right back. And. uh...
he never did.
SAM: He didn't say
anything strange?
Or out of the ordinary? No.
Nothing I can remember.
I like your necklace.
Troy gave it to me.
Mostly to scare my parents...
[LAUGHS]
with all that devil stuff.
Actually.
it means just the opposite.
A pentagram is
protection against evil.
Really powerful.
I mean. if you believe
in that kind of thing.
Okay. Thank you.
Unsolved Mysteries.
Here's the deal. ladies.
The way Troy disappeared...
something's not right.
So if you've heard anything...
What is it?
Well. it's just...
I mean. with all these guys
going missing. people talk.
BOTH: What do they talk about?
It's kind of this local legend.
This one girl. she got
murdered out on Centennial.
like. decades ago.
Well. supposedly
she's still out there.
She hitchhikes.
And whoever picks her up.
well. they disappear forever.
[TYPING]
Let me try. Got it.
Dude!
You're such a control freak.
So angry spirits are born
out of violent death. right?
Yeah. But maybe it's not murder.
[♪♪♪]
This was 1981.
"Constance Welch. 24 years old.
jumps off Sylvania
Bridge. Drowns in the river."
Say why she did it? Yeah.
Why?
An hour before they
found her. she calls 911.
Her two kids are in the bathtub.
She leaves them
alone for a minute.
and when she comes
back. they aren't breathing.
Both die. Hm.
"'Our babies were gone.
"and Constance
just couldn't bear it. '
said husband Joseph Welch."
DEAN: That bridge
look familiar to you?
So this is where Constance
took the swan dive.
So you think Dad
would have been here?
Well. he's chasing the same
story. and we're chasing him.
Okay. so now what?
Now we keep
digging till we find him.
Might take a while.
Dean. I told you. I've
gotta get back by...
By Monday.
Right.
The interview. Yeah.
Yeah. I forgot.
You're really serious
about this. aren't you?
You think you're just
gonna become some lawyer?
Marry your girl?
Maybe. Why not?
Does Jessica know the truth?
Does she know about
the things you've done?
No. And she's not
ever going to know.
Well. that's healthy.
You can pretend all
you want. Sammy.
but you're gonna have
to face up to who you are.
And who's that?
You're one of us.
No. I'm not like you.
This is not going to be my life.
Well. you have a
responsibility. To Dad?
And his crusade?
If it weren't for pictures.
I wouldn't even know
what Mom looks like.
And what difference
would it make?
Even if we do find
the thing that killed her.
Mom's gone. and
she isn't coming back.
Don't talk about her like that.
Sam.
[♪♪♪]
Where'd she go? I don't know.
[ENGINE STARTS]
What the...?
Who's driving your car?
Go. Go!
[SAM GRUNTING]
Dean!
What?
Hey. are you all right?
I'm super.
Car all right?
Yeah. Whatever she did
to it. it seems all right now.
That Constance
chick. what a bitch!
Well. she doesn't
want us digging around.
that's for sure.
So where's the trail
go from here. genius?
You smell like a toilet.
One room. please.
You guys having a
reunion or somethin'?
What do you mean?
That other guy. Burt Aframian.
He came in and bought out
a room for the whole month.
[DOOR UNLOCKING]
[♪♪♪]
Whoa.
[GROANS]
I don't think he's been here
for a couple of days. at least.
Salt. Cat's eye shells.
He was worried. Trying to
keep something from coming in.
What do you got here?
Centennial Highway victims.
I don't get it.
They're different men.
different jobs.
ages. ethnicities...
There's always a
connection. right?
What do these guys
have in common?
Dad figured it out.
What do you mean?
He found the
same article we did.
Constance Welch.
She's a "Woman in White."
You sly dogs.
If we're dealing with
a Woman in White.
Dad would find the
corpse and destroyed it.
She might have another weakness.
No. Dad would wanna make sure.
He'd dig her up. Does it
say where she's buried?
SAM: No. Not that I can tell.
If I were Dad. though.
I'd go ask her husband.
If he's still alive.
DEAN: Hm.
All right.
why don't you see if
you can find an address.
I'm gonna clean up. Hey. Dean?
What I said earlier.
about Mom and Dad. I'm sorry...
No chick flick moments.
All right. Jerk.
Bitch.
[CHUCKLES]
JESSICA [ON VOICE
MAIL]: Hey. it's me.
It's about 10:20.
Saturday night...
Hey. man. I'm starving.
I'm gonna grab a little
something to eat at that diner.
You want anything?
No. Aframian's buying.
Uh-uh.
[♪♪♪]
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
JESSICA: So come home
soon. okay? I love you.
[BEEPS]
What?
Dude. Five-O. Take off.
What about you?
Uh. they kinda spotted
me. Go find Dad.
Problem. officers?
Where's your partner?
Partner. what...? What partner?
So. Fake U.S. marshal.
Fake credit cards.
You got anything that's real?
My boobs.
You have the right
to remain silent.
So you wanna give
us your real name?
I told you. It's
Nugent. Ted Nugent.
I'm not sure you realize
just how much
trouble you're in here.
We talking. like.
misdemeanor kind of trouble?
Or. uh.
"Squeal-like-a-pig" trouble?
You got the faces
of 10 missing persons
taped to your wall
along with a whole lot
of satanic mumbo jumbo.
Boy. you are
officially a suspect.
That makes sense.
'Cause when the first one
went missing in '82. I was 3.
I know you got partners.
One of theme's an older guy.
Maybe he started
the whole thing.
So tell me.
Dean.
Is this his?
I thought that
might be your name.
See. I leafed through this.
What little I could make out.
I mean. it's nine
kinds of crazy.
But I found this too.
Now.
You're staying right
here till you tell me
exactly what the
hell that means.
[KNOCKING]
Hi. uh. are you Joseph Welch?
Yeah.
JOSEPH: Yeah. He
was older. but that's him.
Came by three or four days ago.
Said he was a reporter.
That's right. We're
working on a story together.
Well. I don't know what kind
of story you're working on.
The questions he asked me...
About your late wife. Constance.
He asked me where
she was buried.
And where is that again?
What. I gotta go
through this twice?
It's fact-checking.
If you don't mind.
In a plot behind my old
place. over on Breckenridge.
Why did you move?
I'm not gonna live in the
house my children died.
Mr. Welch. did you
ever marry again?
No way.
Constance. she was
the love of my life.
Prettiest woman I ever known.
So you had a happy marriage?
Definitely.
Well. that should do
it. Thanks for your time.
[♪♪♪]
[KEYS JINGLING]
Mr. Welch. you ever
hear of a Woman in White?
A what?
A Woman in White.
Or sometimes "Weeping Woman"?
It's a ghost story.
Well. heh. it's more of
a phenomenon. really.
Um. they're spirits.
They've been sighted
for hundreds of years.
Dozens of places:
in Hawaii. Mexico.
lately. in Arizona. Indiana.
All these are different
women. you understand.
but all share the same story.
Boy. I don't care
much for nonsense.
See. when they were alive.
their husbands were
unfaithful to them.
And these women.
basically suffering
from temporary insanity.
murdered their children.
Then once they realized
what they had done.
they took their own lives.
So now their spirits are cursed.
Walking back roads. waterways.
And if they find
an unfaithful man.
they kill him.
And that man is
never seen again.
You think...?
You think that has something
to do with Constance.
you smart-ass?
You tell me.
I mean. maybe...
Maybe I made some mistakes.
But no matter what I did.
Constance. she never would
have killed her own children.
Now. you get the
hell outta here.
And you don't come back.
I don't know how many
times I gotta tell you.
it's my high school
locker combo.
We gonna do this all night long?
We just got a 911.
Shots fired over
at Whiteford Road.
You have to go to the bathroom?
No. Good.
Let's go.
[♪♪♪]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
[PHONE BEEPS]
Fake 911 phone call.
Sammy? That's pretty illegal.
You're welcome.
Listen. we gotta talk.
Tell me about it. So the
husband was unfaithful.
We are dealing with
a Woman in White.
She's buried behind her old
house. so Dad's next stop...
Sammy. would you shut up?
I can't figure out why
he hasn't destroyed
the corpse yet. That's
what I'm telling you.
He's gone.
Dad left Jericho. What?
How do you know?
I've got his journal.
He doesn't go
anywhere without that.
Yeah. well. he did
this time. What's it say?
Ah. that same old
ex-Marine crap.
to let us know where he's going.
Coordinates. Where to?
I'm not sure yet. I
don't understand.
I mean. what could
be so important
that Dad would just skip
out in the middle of a job?
Dean. what the hell is going on?
Whoa!
[TIRES SCREECHING]
Sam. Sam!
[♪♪♪]
Take me home.
[ENGINE IDLING]
No.
[♪♪♪]
Don't do this.
I can never go home.
You're scared to go home.
[GRUNTS]
Hold me.
I'm so cold.
But you can't kill me.
I'm not unfaithful.
I've never been.
You will be.
Just hold me.
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMS]
[HEART POUNDING]
[ENGINE STARTS]
I'm taking you home.
DEAN: Sam!
Sam? Here.
You okay?
I think.
Can you move?
Yeah. Help me.
[CHOIR SINGING]
There. There you go.
[DEAN GRUNTS]
[♪♪♪]
BOTH: You've come
home to us. Mommy.
[SCREAMING]
So this is where
she drowned her kids.
That's why she
could never go home.
She was too scared to face 'em.
You found her weak spot.
Nice work. Sammy.
[LAUGHS IN PAIN]
Yeah. I wish I could
say the same for you.
What were you thinking. shooting
Casper in the face. you freak?
Hey. Saved your ass.
[AC/DC'S "HIGHWAY
TO HELL" PLAYING]
I'll tell you another thing.
If you screwed up my car.
I'll kill you.
[CHUCKLES]
♪ Living easy. living free ♪
♪ Season ticket
On a one-way ride ♪
♪ Asking nothing... ♪
Okay. here's where Dad went.
It's called Black
Water Ridge. Colorado.
Sounds charming. How far?
About 600 miles.
If we shag ass. we
can make it by morning.
[♪♪♪]
Dean. I...
You're not going.
The interview's
in. like. 10 hours.
I gotta be there.
Yeah.
Yeah. whatever.
I'll take you home.
♪ Highway to hell ♪
♪ I'm on a highway to hell ♪
You'll call me if you find him?
Maybe I can meet
up with you later. huh?
Yeah. all right.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Sam.
You know. we made a
hell of a team back there.
Yeah.
Jess?
You home?
[SHOWER RUNNING]
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪]
No!
Sam!
Jess!
Sam! Sam!
No! No! We gotta get out!
Jess! Jess! No!
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[CLICKS]
We got work to do.
[♪♪♪]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today